Speaker A: इटिंग वन फोटॉन सो एस वी रिस्ट्रिक्टेड टू वन एक्साइटेशन सो योर फोटॉन इज़ गोन सो यू आर नो लॉंगर इन योर सब स्पेस यू आर जीरो एक्साइटेशन ब्लॉक बट यू रिस्ट्रिक्टेड योर हिलबर्ट स्पेस तू वन एक्साइटेशन हाउ यू हैंडल दैट आई डेन गेट इट आई डेन गेट इट सपोज़ यू आर हैविं So, in that basis there is 1 photon, but that photon is gone. So, there is 0 and electronic part is already in the ground state. So, entire basis in 0 excitation block and this basis does not exist in your subspace. Understood what I am saying? So, basically you are working in this block, but when you apply A, it will go to this block.

Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker A: And you are restricted to this block only. Okay. But when you apply A dagger here, you come back to this block.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: So, I do not know how you define. So, what we do, that is why I asked you, are you defining joint operator? You just check how you are doing this, but I will explain what we do. So, you see we are applying A coming here and A dagger coming back here. So, what happens if I apply A dagger A directly here? So, we define this operator A dagger A jointly to act on a basis. Okay. So, it is not your function definition are defining All the product operators directly, so it will act on a single basis and output a single basis. When you take all the operators, define a single definition. If you stack definitions, then it will leak to other bases. But if you define a single function, then it won't. It will stay in that basis. So I guess if you are doing that, you are doing that also. Or maybe if you are not doing that, so your functions are stacked. So you are getting, but you haven't put any kind of error filters. in your function. That is why it is working. What, what is happening might be you are actually following this. So, you are getting your 1 excitation sector, you applied A, you went to the 0 excitation, then I have again applied A dagger. So, you are coming to your basis.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Desired basis.

Speaker C: Yeah.

Speaker A: But it should not happen in the first place. So, basically you are leaking to your Hilbert space. So, maybe what you have done, you have stacked 2 operators that is consecutively acting. That's why you are coming to the same segment. Instead of defining one function, you are having two functions for a diver a. This is one operator that I am telling, but in the interaction part you will see you are exciting the cavity but lowering the d-level system.

Speaker B: D-level system?

Speaker A: Yeah, spin system, electronic system. I just discussed with sir and he is telling like Anne did this coding and If she came of herself, the joint operator, then it is very nice. Like, yeah, yeah, no, no, we are talking, so it is compliment for you. I just wanted to know how you're implementing, but I haven't used that thing, so you don't know the name joint operator, but you might be using that.

Speaker B: Okay, okay.

Speaker A: So you just see how you are implementing this operators when there are multiple operators.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: That's it. Maybe you are smart. Yeah, maybe he has done them. He is smart, right? Okay.

Speaker B: I don't think I have done that thing. I do not remember anything like that in my code.

Speaker C: Joint operator, he is saying means make only single operator.

Speaker B: हाँ एक ए डागर ए.

Speaker C: Like a For vibrational modes, that we find other operator. For kinetic modes, we find other operator. So his question is make only single operator and only operate only. So we have to choose in I want only this Hilbert space. Okay. So he told me you can create this type operator, but actually I'm not analytically understand this type things. It's a little bit complicated. Yes, I physics based.

Speaker B: When I don't understand this Hilbert space, like how it is happening in this Hilbert space, I do not have a clear idea on that.

Speaker C: Like when he said d-level system.

Speaker B: Ha, d-level. I don't know what that is.

Speaker C: For chemistry, when we said d-level system. Everybody's okay.

Speaker B: I did not do anything like that, but it worked somehow. Even if it's somehow I have that thing in my code, it's not my idea. I should not be getting the compliment.

Speaker C: If ChatGPT will be not there, it's very difficult to write a code.

Speaker B: Yes, I won't be able to finish like that. First, reproducing the paper itself should have taken So में one month itself for me, maybe right.

Speaker C: One month.

Speaker B: I don't know. Okay, I'm just saying. I didn't have any background in Q-tip, so maybe not even one month.

Speaker C: How you you took how much time to? Six months. हाँ then I would have taken one year.

Speaker B: Because to write on your own, you have to understand all the basics about it. Yeah.

